README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi there 👋, I'm Ed Brown</h1>
<h5 align="center">💻 Welcome to my profile, feel free to take a look at some of my ongoing projects!</h5> 
<h5 align="center">📱 Please don't hesitate to get in touch if you have any questions about my projects or potential job opportunties!</h5>

<h2 align="center">
  <a href="#about-me">About me</a> |
  <a href="#my-github">My Github</a> |
  <a href="#projects">Projects</a> |
  <a href="#connect">Connect With Me</a> |
  <a href="#skills">Skills</a> |
  <a href="#tools">Tools</a> |
  <a href="#badges">Github Badges</a>
</h2>

<h2 id="about-me" align="center">👇 A little about me 👇</h2>

⚡️ Enthusiatic data scientist with over a year of programming experience and, prior to my career switch, 3 years in the construction industry as a structural engineer. 

⚡️ Having recently completed a bootcamp in Data Science and AI, I am currently working on a number of personal projects as I actively search for a full time role as a data scientist. 

⚡️ I possess a client focused mindset and have a genuine passion for data and am excited to apply my technical abilities and creativity to contribute my skills within the data science industry.

<h2 id="my-github" align="center">🗺️ Navigating my Github 🗺️</h2>

<h4 id="projects" align="left">🧬 Data Science Projects</h4>

- 👨‍🔬 I decided to undertake the Le Wagon Data Science and AI bootcamp to help with my intended career switch from engineering to data science. 

- 🧪 My repos from October 2023 - December 2023 are all the challenges I did as part of the course and consist of everything from basic python code, SQL basics, data visualisation to machine learning, deep learning and ML Ops.

My key projects from the course were:

- 🪙 A crypto market predictor, where I worked as part of a team of 4 to develop a model that could predict the crypto market 👉 [see here](https://github.com/E-Brown96/crypto_market_assistant) 👈
- 📲 The frontend for the crypto market predictor, which I developed for the crypto market predictor 👉 [see here](https://github.com/E-Brown96/crypto_assist_UI) 👈
- 🎖️ A kaggle competition predicting house sale prices using advanced regression techniques 👉 [see here](https://github.com/E-Brown96/data-houses-kaggle-competition) 👈

<h4 align="left">🌎 Web Dev Projects</h4>

- 🚀 My coding journey started in 2022 as I taught myself basic web development with HTML5, CSS and Javascript using codecademy (All repos between Jan 2022 - July 2022). 

- 🌎 The culmination of this can be seen on my web dev porfolio web page, it summarises the projects I completed following the codecademy programme and can be found here: <a href="https://e-brown96.github.io/Portfolio-Website/" target="_blank">my portfolio website</a>, the code for this web page is here: 👉 [see here](https://github.com/E-Brown96/Portfolio-Website) 👈

<h4 align="left">💻 Personal Projects</h4>

Since completing the bootcamp I am continuing my learning and development by working on personal projects, below are some of my favourites:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on a [crypto market predictor](https://github.com/E-Brown96/crypto_market_assistant.git). 
The aim of this project is to predict the price of bitcoin using models from the DARTS library, I am currently in the process of adding additional data features and adjusting the model.

<h4 align="left">📧 Get in Touch</h4>

If you're curious about any of my projects or would be interested in collaborating with me on a future project get in touch:
- 📫 How to reach me **edb56@live.co.uk**

<h2 id="connect" align="left">🔗 Connect with me: 🔗</h2>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/edward-brown96/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="https://www.linkedin.com/in/edward-brown96/" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h2 id="skills" align="left">⚡️ Skills: ⚡️</h2>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.chartjs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.chartjs.org/media/logo-title.svg" alt="chartjs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://cloud.google.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/google_cloud/google_cloud-icon.svg" alt="gcp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://heroku.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/heroku/heroku-icon.svg" alt="heroku" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mathworks.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" alt="matlab" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://seaborn.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://seaborn.pydata.org/_images/logo-mark-lightbg.svg" alt="seaborn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.sqlite.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/sqlite/sqlite-icon.svg" alt="sqlite" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.tensorflow.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tensorflow/tensorflow-icon.svg" alt="tensorflow" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

During my bootcamp I developed the following skills:

🎯 Mastered Data Science using Python and Jupyter

🎯 Data Analytics with SQL, BigQuery, Pandas, Numpy, and Matplotlib

🎯 Data visualisation with Scipy, Seaborn, and Statsmodels

🎯 Machine Learning with Scikit-learn & PyTorch

🎯 Deep Learning with TensorFlow Keras 

🎯 Data extraction using APIs and web scraping

🎯 Prepared data products with Google Cloud Platform, ML Flow, and Streamlit

<h2 id="tools" align="left">🔧 Tools | Frameworks: 🔧</h2>

Data Preprocessing: NumPy, Pandas.

Machine and Deep Learning Implementation Framework: Scikit-Learn, PyTorch, TensorFlow / Keras.

  Natural Language Processing: NLTK, BERT.
  Timeseries: DARTS library, LTSM Recurrent Neural Network.

Data Visualization: Matplotlib, Seaborn, Statsmodel, Spicy.

ML Ops: Google Cloud Platform, Google Big Query, Kaggle kernel, Prefect, MLflow, FastAPI, Uvicorn.

Integrated Development Environment: Jupyter-Notebook

<h2 id="badges" align="left">🏅 Badges 🏅<h2>

<p><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=e-brown96&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="e-brown96" /></p>
<br>

<p>&nbsp;<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=e-brown96&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="e-brown96" /></p>
<br>

<p><img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=e-brown96&" alt="e-brown96" /></p>

Commit message:

Portfolio added
Link to my data science portfolio added

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi there 👋, I'm Ed Brown</h1>
<h5 align="center">💻 Welcome to my profile, feel free to take a look at some of my ongoing projects!</h5> 
<h5 align="center">📱 Please don't hesitate to get in touch if you have any questions about my projects or potential job opportunties!</h5>

<h2 align="center">
  <a href="#about-me">About me</a> |
  <a href="#my-github">My Github</a> |
  <a href="#projects">Projects</a> |
  <a href="#connect">Connect With Me</a> |
  <a href="#skills">Skills</a> |
  <a href="#tools">Tools</a> |
  <a href="#badges">Github Badges</a>
</h2>

<h2 id="about-me" align="center">👇 A little about me 👇</h2>

⚡️ Enthusiatic data scientist with over a year of programming experience and, prior to my career switch, 3 years in the construction industry as a structural engineer. 

⚡️ Having recently completed a bootcamp in Data Science and AI, I am currently working on a number of personal projects as I actively search for a full time role as a data scientist. 

⚡️ I possess a client focused mindset and have a genuine passion for data and am excited to apply my technical abilities and creativity to contribute my skills within the data science industry.

<h2 id="my-github" align="center">🗺️ Navigating my Github 🗺️</h2>

<h4 id="projects" align="left">🧬 Data Science Projects</h4>

- 👨‍🔬 I decided to undertake the Le Wagon Data Science and AI bootcamp to help with my intended career switch from engineering to data science. 

- 🧪 My repos from October 2023 - December 2023 are all the challenges I did as part of the course and consist of everything from basic python code, SQL basics, data visualisation to machine learning, deep learning and ML Ops.

My key projects from the course were:

- 🪙 A crypto market predictor, where I worked as part of a team of 4 to develop a model that could predict the crypto market 👉 [see here](https://github.com/E-Brown96/crypto_market_assistant) 👈
- 📲 The frontend for the crypto market predictor, which I developed for the crypto market predictor 👉 [see here](https://github.com/E-Brown96/crypto_assist_UI) 👈
- 🎖️ A kaggle competition predicting house sale prices using advanced regression techniques 👉 [see here](https://github.com/E-Brown96/data-houses-kaggle-competition) 👈
- 💸 A data analysis task of an E-commerce site to help determine an effective solution to their poor sellers 👉 [see here](https://github.com/E-Brown96/data-recap_ceo_request) 👈

For a more detailed overview of my data science and analysis projects please take a look at my [portfolio](https://shard-tapir-c41.notion.site/Ed-Brown-Portfolio-3b6043c5053b401f9cd785b288095d4f?pvs=4).

<h4 align="left">🌎 Web Dev Projects</h4>

- 🚀 My coding journey started in 2022 as I taught myself basic web development with HTML5, CSS and Javascript using codecademy (All repos between Jan 2022 - July 2022). 

- 🌎 The culmination of this can be seen on my web dev porfolio web page, it summarises the projects I completed following the codecademy programme and can be found here: <a href="https://e-brown96.github.io/Portfolio-Website/" target="_blank">my portfolio website</a>, the code for this web page is here: 👉 [see here](https://github.com/E-Brown96/Portfolio-Website) 👈

<h4 align="left">💻 Personal Projects</h4>

Since completing the bootcamp I am continuing my learning and development by working on personal projects, below are some of my favourites:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on a [crypto market predictor](https://github.com/E-Brown96/crypto_market_assistant.git). 
The aim of this project is to predict the price of bitcoin using models from the DARTS library, I am currently in the process of adding additional data features and adjusting the model.

<h4 align="left">📧 Get in Touch</h4>

If you're curious about any of my projects or would be interested in collaborating with me on a future project get in touch:
- 📫 How to reach me **edb56@live.co.uk**

<h2 id="connect" align="left">🔗 Connect with me: 🔗</h2>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/edward-brown96/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="https://www.linkedin.com/in/edward-brown96/" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h2 id="skills" align="left">⚡️ Skills: ⚡️</h2>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.chartjs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.chartjs.org/media/logo-title.svg" alt="chartjs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://cloud.google.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/google_cloud/google_cloud-icon.svg" alt="gcp" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://heroku.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/heroku/heroku-icon.svg" alt="heroku" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mathworks.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" alt="matlab" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://seaborn.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://seaborn.pydata.org/_images/logo-mark-lightbg.svg" alt="seaborn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.sqlite.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/sqlite/sqlite-icon.svg" alt="sqlite" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.tensorflow.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tensorflow/tensorflow-icon.svg" alt="tensorflow" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

During my bootcamp I developed the following skills:

🎯 Mastered Data Science using Python and Jupyter

🎯 Data Analytics with SQL, BigQuery, Pandas, Numpy, and Matplotlib

🎯 Data visualisation with Scipy, Seaborn, and Statsmodels

🎯 Machine Learning with Scikit-learn & PyTorch

🎯 Deep Learning with TensorFlow Keras 

🎯 Data extraction using APIs and web scraping

🎯 Prepared data products with Google Cloud Platform, ML Flow, and Streamlit

<h2 id="tools" align="left">🔧 Tools | Frameworks: 🔧</h2>

Data Preprocessing: NumPy, Pandas.

Machine and Deep Learning Implementation Framework: Scikit-Learn, PyTorch, TensorFlow / Keras.

  Natural Language Processing: NLTK, BERT.
  Timeseries: DARTS library, LTSM Recurrent Neural Network.

Data Visualization: Matplotlib, Seaborn, Statsmodel, Spicy.

ML Ops: Google Cloud Platform, Google Big Query, Kaggle kernel, Prefect, MLflow, FastAPI, Uvicorn.

Integrated Development Environment: Jupyter-Notebook

<h2 id="badges" align="left">🏅 Badges 🏅<h2>

<p><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=e-brown96&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="e-brown96" /></p>
<br>

<p>&nbsp;<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=e-brown96&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="e-brown96" /></p>
<br>

<p><img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=e-brown96&" alt="e-brown96" /></p>
